1. For classifying product names to categories:
	a. What precision (P@1) were you able to achieve?
	   Around 0.6.
	b. What fastText parameters did you use?
	   Just the ones given in the course:
	   fasttext.train_supervised(input=args.input_train, lr=1.0, epoch=25, wordNgrams=2)
	c. How did you transform the product names?
	   1) Convert to lowercase
		 2) Replace anything that is not 0-9, a-z, A-Z, and certain punctuation
	      with spaces
	   3) Split into words
	   4) Stem with snowball stemmer
	   5) Combine tokens into a single string
	d. How did you prune infrequent category labels, and how did that affect
	   your precision?
	   I did not prune infrequent category labels, but I added the option to
	   do so.  Doing so did increase the reported precision, but cut down on
	   the amount of categorization that happened.
	e. How did you prune the category tree, and how did that affect yoru
	   precision?
	   I did not prune the category tree by default, but I added the option
	   to do so.  Using higher level categories improved precision, but
	   greatly cut down on the granularity.

2. For deriving synonyms from content:
	a. What 20 tokens did you use for evaluation?
	   I played around with iphone, ipad, black, computer, workstation, and a
	   few others.  However, when I was working on part 3, where that would
	   really matter, my training seemed to overfit, and may words had
	   synonyms with greater than 0.999 similarity.  Which such high
	   similarity, trying to pick a cutoff seemed rather silly.
	b. What fastText parameters did you use?
	   I had the option for using minCount, but I ended up just using vanilla
	   skipgram.
	c. How did you transform product names?
	   Same process as 1.c.
	d. What threshold score did you use?
	   I had an overfitting problem, so I used 0.999.
	e. What synonyms did you obtain for those tokens?
	   Due to my overfitting, I did not check this.

3. For integrating synonyms with search:
	a. How did you transform the product names?
	   Same as 1.c.
	b. What threshold score did you use?
	   See 2.d.
	c. Were you able to find the additional results by matching synonyms?
	   No.  I implemented the synonyms, but they seemed to have no effect.
	   I intend to look into this, but I have some other things to fix first,
	   like the overfitting.

4. For classifying reviews:
	 I did not do this part.
